Corrected grammatical errors, improved sentence structures, translation for migration 2.x-3.x (#1302)
aiogram/aiogram: docs/migration_2_to_3.rst

Dispatcher
==========

- The :class:`Dispatcher` class no longer accepts a `Bot` instance in its initializer. 
  Instead, the `Bot` instance should be passed to the dispatcher only for starting polling 
  or handling events from webhooks. This approach also allows for the use of multiple bot 
  instances simultaneously ("multibot").
- :class:`Dispatcher` now can be extended with another Dispatcher-like
  thing named :class:`Router` (:ref:`Read more » <Nested routers>`).
- With routes, you can easily modularize your code and potentially share these modules between projects.
- Removed the **_handler** suffix from all event handler decorators and registering methods.
  (:ref:`Read more » <Event observers>`)

> - The Executor has been entirely removed; you can now use the Dispatcher directly to start polling or handle webhooks.

Reviewer: Can we convert the phrases to a single form?

```suggestion
- The Executor has been entirely removed; you can now use the Dispatcher directly to start polling or webhook handling.
```

or

```suggestion
- The Executor has been entirely removed; you can now use the Dispatcher directly to start poll updates or handle webhooks.
```

?

Author: This one is better👍

  the execution context and implement any throttling mechanism you desire.
- Removed global context variables from the API types, Bot and Dispatcher object,
  From now on, if you want to access the current bot instance within handlers or filters, 
  you should accept the argument :code:`bot: Bot` and use it instead of :code:`Bot.get_current()`. 
  In middlewares, it can be accessed via :code:`data["bot"]`.
- To skip pending updates, you should now call the :class:`aiogram.methods.delete_webhook.DeleteWebhook` method directly, rather than passing :code:`skip_updates=True` to the start polling method.

Filtering events
================

- Keyword filters can no longer be used; use filters explicitly. (`Read more » <https://github.com/aiogram/aiogram/issues/942>`_)
- Due to the removal of keyword filters, all previously enabled-by-default filters 
  (such as state and content_type) are now disabled. 
  You must specify them explicitly if you wish to use them.
  For example instead of using :code:`@dp.message_handler(content_types=ContentType.PHOTO)`
  you should use :code:`@router.message(F.photo)`

> - Most common filters have been replaced by the "magic filter." (:ref:`Read more » <magic-filters>`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Most common filters have been replaced with the "magic filter." (:ref:`Read more » <magic-filters>`)
```

Author: Oh yeah, correct

  (:ref:`Read more » <Callback data factory>`)

Finite State machine
====================

- State filters will no longer be automatically added to all handlers; 
  you will need to specify the state if you want to use it.
- Added the possibility to change the FSM strategy. For example, 
  if you want to control the state for each user based on chat topics rather than 
  the user in a chat, you can specify this in the Dispatcher.
- Now :class:`aiogram.fsm.state.State` and :class:`aiogram.fsm.state.StateGroup` don't have helper
  methods like :code:`.set()`, :code:`.next()`, etc.

- Instead, you should set states by passing them directly to
  :class:`aiogram.fsm.context.FSMContext` (:ref:`Read more » <Finite State Machine>`)
- The state proxy is deprecated; you should update the state data by calling 
  :code:`state.set_data(...)` and :code:`state.get_data()` respectively.

Sending Files
=============

- From now on, you should wrap files in an InputFile object before sending them, 
  instead of passing the IO object directly to the API method. (:ref:`Read more » <sending-files>`)

Webhook
=======

- The aiohttp web app configuration has been simplified.

> - By default, the ability to upload files has been added when you use the reply function in a webhook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By default, the ability to upload files has been added when you `make requests in response to updates <https://core.telegram.org/bots/faq#how-can-i-make-requests-in-response-to-updates>`_ (available for webhook only).
```
